This is just a quick video
to show you exactly what you would be doing
with this project.
So to start out, you definitely might want to make sure
that you have the option.
I think within Windows you can go under internet options
and just make sure that,
when you click on a link,
a browser will pop up.
Otherwise, I mean, if it doesn't happen
and you don't wanna set up, that's totally cool,
but it's one of the things where your copy
and paste situation may be a little
in the way or anything,
or you can just keep one,
open one email browser and put that in,
paste everything in.
That's completely up to you,
but for this project,
you are basically going to track actions,
and so to start out,
I would actually send you a Excel file
of YouTube videos,
and you will see quotation marks around these.
These do need to stay in when you paste the video,
and so you'll just come here to this little URL link.
You'll paste it, and you will click start,
and then your video will appear.
Now, so here exactly is what's going to happen.
So every time you start a video,
which will simply be where you press play on here,
you will need to click NEW CONNECTION,
and basically, what will happen is you will be analyzing
each single person's actions and reactions.
Now, you are going to monitor one person at a time,
and when you are done,
if they are interacting with another person or more people,
then you will click a new analysis,
and then you will analyze that new person,
and then when you're done,
you'll click NEW ANANAL, NEW ANA, NEW ANAALIS,
that one (chuckling), and you'll just keep doing that
until you've monitored all the actions and reactions,
and so, yeah,
and once you're done with a particular group of reactions,
then you'll just click NEW CONNECTION,
and then you can, of course,
if there's another group interacting
on the other side of the video,
then, of course, you can back up all the way.
You can do a NEW CONNECTION there and so on and so forth,
and so ideally, what will happen is I will make sure,
the first week, just kind of monitor things,
see how it's going, but in the first week,
I mean, it'll be just kind of like a freebie,
but then like the weeks following that,
what will probably happen is I'll probably monitor,
or I'll probably do analysis of one or two videos
that you have done,
just to make sure we're on the right track.
and typically, I'll probably set about a 75% similar rate
and then give you, I don't know,
maybe five or six times to meet that
to classify yourself as an expert,
and so, yeah,
and so we are going to get started just as an example.
So for this one,
here, that's one of the things, or some of the videos like,
and also, just so you know,
we only monitor human interaction.
Basically, if you see a car driving down the road,
and it crashes, but people never get out,
or you cannot actually see their faces
and their interactions through the window or anything,
don't monitor that action.
However, if you see a crash,
and then you see people running to the cars to help,
analyze the crash, and to do that,
you will do MECHANICAL OPERATION, then MATERIAL DAMAGE,
and then, yeah, you will continue on from there,
and I will also take some time to explain
each of these and kind of what it means,
but yeah, so let's go ahead and just do one as an example.
Let's just watch some people.
Do do do.
Let's just skip through this.
Of course, you never would
'cause I would be paying you just to do stuff or, you know.
So we're just gonna monitor that person (indistinct),
and they are walking.
Oh, actually, let me do this 'cause I made a mistake,
and so if I click on NEW CONNECTION,
and then sometimes it can be a minute or two,
click NEW CONNECTION again right before you monitor some,
and so we'll do that person,
and so actually, here, let's back up a little here,
and yeah, so it's kind of like this.
It's been a week or, or a couple minutes or so
until you click NEW CONNECTION.
So we're actually just gonna monitor that person.
So we're gonna do walk,
and that's it,
and so you did NEW CONNECTION, and you're done,
and so lemme go ahead and do another one,
or we might have a pair of people interacting.
Here we go.
So you see these three people here.
We're gonna monitor one at a time.
We're gonna do NEW CONNECTION.
We're gonna do walking,
and we're gonna backtrack.
Actually, we're just gonna...
Okay, we're gonna do NEW CONNECTION,
and so that person walked.
That person turned,
and that person walked and tur-
Oh, excuse me, they inserted themselves.
Yes, and so that's it for that,
and ideally, what will happen is, as time goes on,
you will actually get pretty good at this
to where you can kind of do it
momentarily (fingers snapping)
'cause basically the main situation
is memorizing where all these are at
and what exactly button you wanna press down here,
and ideally, you will want a mouse,
but I mean, your mousepad works well.
It's just it's easier to have a mouse
that you can quickly maneuver with your hand,
and so (indistinct).
All right, so I'm actually gonna look for a group.
Oh wait, no, we did that.
Okay, so gonna see here.
You're gonna see that we did that.
We already monitored him, so we're okay there, and then,
okay, so let's actually monitor these people
on the bridge here,
or actually, let's monitor these people walking.
So ideally, what will happen,
or actually, we can monitor them.
Okay, so you saw that woman.
(scoffing)
Okay, so,
you're gonna see these people.
We're gonna monitor this person first.
They're going to WALK, TURN,
TWIST/TURN, VERBAL SPEECH,
and then we are going to...
Okay, then we're gonna do a NEW ANALYSIS,
and I chose the NEW CONNECTION before that,
and then we're gonna do this person who's just walking
and talking, and we're gonna do a NEW ANALYSIS,
and we're gonna do
this person who is
walking and reading
'cause she's reading her phone,
and she's also doing MECHANICAL OPERATION,
which I will explain later,
and we're gonna do a NEW ANALYSIS,
and we're gonna go back
and do that person, which is walking, showing affection,
and they kind of looked over to ANALYZE.
So we're gonna do that.
We're gonna do the last person,
I think, (grunting)
and this person is walking,
analyzing, and you type in NEW CONNECTION,
and we're going from there.
So I mean, so I actually just created this about a week ago.
So of course, I'm still getting kind of used to it,
but ideally, what will happen is,
once you get used to everything,
you'll do it in real time, eh-
Excuse me, you'll know exactly what to do,
but yeah, okay, so once you are,
I mean, not necessarily done with the video,
but maybe after about
maybe 30 minutes' worth of doing a video,
you'll come up here,
and you'll click ORGANIZE DATA, VIEW ENTRIES,
which you'll actually not see anything.
You'll do COPY TO CLIPBOARD,
and then, you will click this link
or make sure you send your information
to info@petersinnovations.com.
You will just simply copy, paste that.
You can type in data,
and if this is your first time sending it
with your email address,
you'll type in your name,
and then yeah, just keep on sending that data,
and you are good to go,
and so yeah, so let's kind of discuss some of things.
AEROBIC CARDIO EXERCISE is basically you just doing movement
but not necessarily having any intention to achieve a goal.
If you run to save a kid's life,
this is not CARDIO EXERCISE.
This is actually just going to be a different one called RUN
'cause it kind of runs with the person.
AFFECTIONATE, HUGS, KISSES,
anything that basically is intended to show the person
that they are admired in a physical manner.
AGREEMENT, basically, these are just head nods or yeah.
ANALYZE, basically these are when people look around,
but they're not just necessarily looking around.
They're just kind of looking around at specific something,
or they're doing calculations or something of the sort.
ANGRY MOVEMENTS, fist movements,
flipping people off, et cetera, et cetera.
ANNOY, INSULT, these are basically when people try to annoy,
or basically, (coughing) you can kind of tell
that their actions are intended to not necessarily bring out
the best in others.
ARRIVE, they simply arrive,
and this could have also been an option
when the person walked into the door.
BALANCE, basically, this is
any time they try to even things out.
This is can include dividing groups in halves
or just trying to balance on a measure or something.
BEND, any time they bend over, they kneel,
anything of the sort.
BLEED, that's kind of obvious.
BITE, anything.
CARRY, yeah, this is very self-explanatory.
CHALLENGE, basically, this is the time when people
are...
(sighing)
Actually, I'm gonna kind of stop right there
'cause this might be a long, long video if I do this,
and so (chuckling) I'm sorry.
So I'm actually just going to stop here,
and if we decide to move forward together,
that's when I'll explain exactly when should use
all of these verbs, so but yeah, this is the video.
If you'd like to apply, that'd be awesome.
All right, thank you so much.
Have a great day.